No SQL:-
No SQL is a type of Database design to store, manage and retrieve data without the Structured format of the Traditional Relational Database.
It allows for the flexible schemas, scalability, and high performance, making it suitable for large-scales and real-time applications.
NoSQL databases can handle a variety of data types, such as documents, key-value pairs, graphs and wide-columns.

MongoDB:-
MongoDB is popular NoSQL databases that uses a flexible, document-oriented data model to store data in JSON-like BSON format.
It supports dynamic schemas, making it easy to store and query unstructured data.
MongoDB is known for its scalability, performance, and ability to handle large volumes of data across distributed systems.

JSON:-
JavaScript Object Notation is a lightweight data interchange format that's easy for humans to read and write, and easy for machines to parse and generate.
It uses a simple text format to represent structured data objects, arrays, and key-value pairs.

BSON:-
BSON(Binary JSON) is a binary-encoded serialization format that extends JSON by adding data types like integer and dates, making it more efficient for storage and retrieval.
It is the primary data format used by MongoDB for storing documents and making remote procedure calls.

NoSQL is termed non-SQL. We won’t use SQL to write queries in No SQL. It is not relational but it gives us an organized way of storing data. The data is stored in the form of documents rather than tabular form. The best example for NoSql is Mongo DB. In SQL we will use the term key-value pairs but in Mongo DB we will use field-value pairs. Documents are stored and the group of documents is called “Collection”. The document will be in JSON format. The data is called a “Document” and the collection of documents is called a “Collection”.

Databases, collections, documents are important parts of MongoDB without them you are not able to store data on the MongoDB server. A Database contains a collection, and a collection contains documents and the documents contain data, they are related to each other. 

Database
In MongoDB, a database contains the collections of documents. One can create multiple databases on the MongoDB server.  

View Database:
To see how many databases are present in your MongoDB server, write the following statement in the mongo shell:  

show dbs

Creating Database:
In the mongo shell, you can create a database with the help of the following command:  

use database_name 

This command actually switches you to the new database if the given name does not exist and if the given name exists, then it will switch you to the existing database. Now at this stage, if you use the show command to see the database list where you will find that your new database is not present in that database list because, in MongoDB, the database is actually created when you start entering data in that database. 

Schemaless:
As we know that MongoDB databases are schemaless. So, it is not necessary in a collection that the schema of one document is similar to another document. Or in other words, a single collection contains different types of documents.


